Good morning Sir Paleg Danzkie. To enroll in our short courses through our website, please visit this link https://courselist.mfi.org.ph/courses

1.)Upon choosing your desired course, kindly scroll down to see the list of available schedule
2.)You may click the "ENROLL" button to register for the short course
3.)You will be redirected to DragonPay to choose your online payment channel (Online Bank, E-Wallet or Over-the-counter)
4.)Make sure to tick the terms and conditions
5.)Click the Send Instructions via email/mobile



Good morning,,
Thank you for your inquiry. Unfortunately, there are no available courses for High Voltage Cable Splicing and Termination at the moment. Please let us know if you would like to be notified when the next session becomes available

Narvine Emperado Santiaguel Good day! Thank you for reaching out. Yes, we do accept payee for Instrumentation and Control Servicing NC II. You can make your payment through BDO or BPI:

BDO:
Account Name: MFI Polytechnic Institute Inc.
Account Number: 9811-000-288

BPI:
Account Name: MFI Polytechnic Institute

Once you proceed, you will be redirected to DragonPay, where you can select your preferred payment method (Online Bank, E-Wallet, or Over-the-counter).

Feel free to message us if you need further assistance. We're here to help!

ood morning Aja Thea, Thank you for your inquiry. Unfortunately, there are no available courses for High Voltage Cable Splicing and Termination at the moment. Please let us know if you would like to be notified when the next session becomes available.
nicole _r
Password_123

The training fee for Industrial Mechatronics is ₱28,350. To enroll in any of our short courses, please submit one (1) valid ID and fill out the application form available at the registrar's office.

To enroll in our short courses online, please visit the following link: https://courselist.mfi.org.ph/courses/2826
1.) Upon selecting your desired course, kindly scroll down to view the available schedules.
2.) Click the "ENROLL" button to register for the short course.
3.) You will be redirected to DragonPay to choose your preferred online payment method (Online Bank, E-Wallet, or Over-the-Counter).

Please feel free to reach out to us for more details or information.☺️ 

(Week 16 Feb 10 -14 2025)
• Continuation of record in mfi visits
• Update the content is there new content i need to change
• Answer the facebook comment inquiry 
• Input all the comment in CRM
• Get the statistics of the data


(Week 16 Feb 10 -14 2025)
Throughout this week, the tasks include continuing the record in MFI visits and updating the content if there is any new information that needs to be changed. Additionally, answering inquiries from Facebook comments and inputting all the comments into the CRM system will be required. Finally, gathering and analyzing the statistics of the data will also be part of the responsibilities.

Good day! Thank you for getting back to us. Unfortunately, there are no available courses for High Voltage Cable Splicing and Termination at the moment. However, you may be interested in our Industrial Electrician course, which is closely related. Please feel free to reach out if you need more details or information. ☺️

Good day! Thank you for getting back to us. Unfortunately, there are no available courses for High Voltage Cable Splicing and Termination at the moment. However, you may be interested in our Industrial Electrician course, which is closely related. Please feel free to reach out if you need more details or information. ☺️




For now, may I request the following information for data purposes?
Full Name:
Email Address:
Contact Number:

